update branch page to include instructions for creating branch from branch/timestamp and reseting (#19419)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/branch-github-integration.md

| Pull request changes               | TiDB Cloud Branching app behaviors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Create a pull request              | When you create a pull request in the repository, the [TiDB Cloud Branching](https://github.com/apps/tidb-cloud-branching) app creates a branch for your TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster. When the mode is `reset` the branch name is in the `${github_branch_name}_${pr_id}` format; when the mode is `reserve` branch name is in the `${github_branch_name}_${pr_id}_${commit_sha}` format. Note that the number of branches has a [limit](/tidb-cloud/branch-overview.md#limitations-and-quotas). |
> | Push new commits to a pull request | In the mode `reset`, every time you push a new commit to a pull request in the repository, the [TiDB Cloud Branching](https://github.com/apps/tidb-cloud-branching) app resets the TiDB Cloud Serverless branch. While in the mode `reserve`, the app creates a new branch for the latest commit.                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Create a pull request              | When you create a pull request in the repository, the [TiDB Cloud Branching](https://github.com/apps/tidb-cloud-branching) app creates a branch for your TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster. When `branch.mode` is set to `reset`, the branch name follows the `${github_branch_name}_${pr_id}` format. When `branch.mode` is set to `reserve`, the branch name follows the `${github_branch_name}_${pr_id}_${commit_sha}` format. Note that the number of branches has a [limit](/tidb-cloud/branch-overview.md#limitations-and-quotas). |
| Push new commits to a pull request | When `branch.mode` is set to `reset`, every time you push a new commit to a pull request in the repository, the [TiDB Cloud Branching](https://github.com/apps/tidb-cloud-branching) app resets the TiDB Cloud Serverless branch. When `branch.mode` is set to `reserve`, the app creates a new branch for the latest commit.                                                                                                                            |
```

            - ".*_db"
```

### branch.mode

**Type:** string. **Default:** `reset`.

> If it is set to `reset`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will reset the previous branch to synchronize the data to the latest.
> If it is set to `reserve`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will create a new branch for your latest commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is set to `reset`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will reset the previous branch to synchronize the data to the latest.

If it is set to `reserve`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will create a new branch for your latest commit.
```

            - ".*_db"
```

### branch.mode

**Type:** string. **Default:** `reset`.

> If it is set to `reset`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will reset the previous branch to synchronize the data to the latest.
> 
> If it is set to `reserve`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will create a new branch for your latest commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify how the TiDB Cloud Branching app handles branch updates:

- If it is set to `reset`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will update the existing branch with the latest data.
- If it is set to `reserve`, the TiDB Cloud Branching app will create a new branch for your latest commit.
```
